Small updates across Unit 1 (#177)
Ada-Developers-Academy/core-unit-1: iterating-over-data/iterating-over-dictionaries.md

### About `.items()`

> The most unique part about iterating over the keys & values of dictionaries, is that we should call `.items()` next to each dictionary when starting the for loop.

Reviewer: It feels a little odd to me to say "call `.items()` **next to** each dictionary". Would saying "call the method `.items()` **on** each dictionary" convey the same meaning?

Reviewer 2: What about this? @yangashley @kelsey-steven-ada 

```suggestion
The most unique part about iterating over the keys & values of dictionaries is that we can call `.items()` on a dictionary to access the key/value pairs in a loop.
```

Author: Agreed, that reads better to me. I'll update it =]
